when our engine becomes inoperable the
first thing we need to do is to jettison
all extra munitions after we have done
that we have to worry about the altitude
we have and whether we need to run away
we are 1.1 knots out then we have 7,000
feet we only need about 5,000 so we're
good to go
next we have to make sure our flight
path is between 9 and 11 degrees we do
this by letting the 10 degree pitch mark
and the head line up with the start the
runway by keeping the flight path marker
5 degrees 10 degrees pitch mark has
lined up with the runway so we bring the
flight path marker down to the start of
the runway we are now starting to pick
up the airspeed we clear the master
caution and the VMS warnings we don't
need those anymore we keep the flight
path marker at the start of the runway
we want an angle of attack of 6 degrees
we have an angle of attack indicator at
the bottom left the angle of attack is
the vertical pitch difference between
the nose of the aircraft and weight the
aircraft is traveling vertically so we
can see the actual angle of attack by
charging the difference between the
gunsight and the flight path Margaret
we are currently at five degrees angle
of attack which is too low the nose is
down too far we are traveling too fast
we deploy the air brake to slow
ourselves down to about 60 please
maintaining a six degree angle of attack
is very important for it final rule we
use the riders to line up with tear
filled properly using the air brake here
we are lined up properly we put the
flight path marker back on the start of
the runway we are at a nice 11 degree of
flight path 10 to 11 we light path and
six degree angle of attack at about
2,000 feet we will lay our runway pro/5
right check gear down we deploy our
landing gear manually and we retracted
everything we put the fight by proper
back in the start of the runway due to
the increased drag of the aircraft at
about 300 to 200 feet we begin to flare
up we want the flight path marker to
travel up the runway at least halfway
there is going to touch down once we
touch down
air brake again wheel brake dose wants
to nose wheel touches down wheel brakes
go on for working we enable those wheel
steering so that we can turn off the
runway if you wish to will make that
turn right now and that's all there is
to it now we can enjoy some milk and
cookies at the air race thank you for
joining me
Bravo November 8 8 0